Add slash command "/format" to automatically format PRs (#646)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Add new public functions/methods/classes to `doc/api/index.rst`.
- [ ] Write detailed docstrings for all functions/methods.
- [ ] If adding new functionality, add an example to docstrings or tutorials.

**Notes**

> - You can write `/foramt` in the first line of a comment to automatically format your codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can write `/format` in the first line of a comment to lint the code automatically
```

Fix a typo, and maybe use 'lint' instead of 'format'. Also, it's ['code', not 'codes'](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/20455/is-it-wrong-to-use-the-word-codes-in-a-programming-context/) :wink:
